
   INTRODUCTION

This document is divided into three sections: bugs, design flaws,
and map specific issues.
Anyone who wants to work on Foxbot coding might find the information
here useful as a reference.

--------------------------------------------------

   KNOWN BUGS

-  If you lower the max_bots setting as the bots are joining the game then it's
   sometimes possible to create a "limbo bot".  i.e. a bot that doesn't do
   anything, and you can't kick it.  Changing maps will get rid of it though.

-  When trying to throw grenades far the bots usually aim high.  This screws
   up the bots weapon aim and they may keep shooting at the ceiling or sky
   for a few moments.

-  Some bots sometimes do not respond to changerole or changeclass commands.
   Maybe it affects the first bot on the server?

-  Bots are slowed down by caltrops and Spy tranquiliser darts but not by
   being sniped in the leg.  (reported by Grubber, might be a Half-Life engine bug)

-  Aimable waypoints leave aim artifacts if you attempt to toggle them off or re-aim them.

-  The bots are able to switch from one separate waypoint network to another
   if the waypoint networks come close enough to each other at some point.

-  Snipers have insanely good aim at very long distances with the auto-rifle
   (quite noticeable when they climb the ladders on well and switch to auto-rifle).

-  When a bot is infected by an enemy medic and the enemy medic changes
   to a different class the bot is still infected because it will still
   spurt blood but it wont take any more infection damage.
   This seems to be a TFC problem.

-  One day a year(August 24th apparently) the bots celebrate Christmas or Team Fortresses
   birthday even though bot_xmas is turned off and tfc_birthday is turned off also.
   Is this a Foxbot or a TFC bug?

-  There's a TFC bug that looks like a Foxbot bug.  Snipers can be stuck
   charging their rifles when one team wins a round on Avanti or Flagrun.

--------------------------------------------------

   KNOWN DESIGN FLAWS

-  The bots are designed to cope best with the default server gravity.
   Higher or lower gravity may confuse them about certain things(e.g. rocket jumping).

-  Bot vision is unaffected by light levels, or by fog of any kind.

-  The bots take no notice of caltrop injuries and may walk around slowly for
   a long time.

-  The bots do not stay concussed for the right amount of time.
   Scouts should be concussed for about 10 seconds and medics for
   about 5 seconds.  Other classes may vary.

-  The bots don't check to see if an ally is blocking their line of fire.

-  The bots do not check if dispensers belong to an enemy player before
   running into them.

-  When a map ends and the score table shows you can hear that the bots are still playing.

-  The bots jump down great heights when very low on health a little too often.

-  The bots will go on a long swim even when they have a small amount of
   health left and will drown.

-  Waypoints with a point tag 1 - 8 are only respected when they are also
   goal waypoints.
   For example a bot won't go to a number tagged waypoint that has been
   deactivated, but it may may try to pass through it on the way to
   somewhere else.

-  The bots are not capable of fully avoiding any pipetraps.

-  The bots can ocassionally get held up by teammates who are standing
   in a narrow passage.

-  The bots completely ignore certain useful concussion/rocket jump points
   in some places on some maps.
   This is because they need a normal route to their goal to begin with.
   e.g. It's very hard getting them to jump onto the roof of Building 1 in Hunted.

-  If you make a crouch waypoint into an aim waypoint without crouching
   the aim waypoint will be at a higher level than it should be for a crouch waypoint.
   This glitch can be useful if you want to make a sniper crouch and aim upwards,
   or stand and aim downwards, so it shall probably be left as it is.

-  Bots can't tell where to get more grenades from.

-  Bots have trouble throwing grenades at sentry guns that are higher than them
   or which are perched on some kind of ledge.

-  Bots can't tell that a body is really a feigning Spy even though the
   dead body is spinning around on the floor.

-  Bots don't care if a Spy feigns or un-feigns in front of them.

-  The bots can't tell that a HWGuy or Scout moving at the wrong speed is a Spy.

-  Bots may call for a medic when they are injured and in a respawn area.

-  If foxbot.cfg has a number of addbot commands which specify team and class
   then the bots spawned may not be what was specified if you change max_bots
   several times and change your team.

--------------------------------------------------

   MAP SPECIFIC ISSUES

-  Dustbowl
   Defenders will pick the scout class occasionally(not a big problem, just daft).

-  Flagrun.
   1. When each bot spawns/respawns there is a brief framerate drop.
      Could be because of all the waypoints near the respawn rooms.
   2. The spawn room doors don't open for flag carriers, and the bots don't
      know about this(although they should now be able to cope).

-  Ravelin
   1. Engineers don't know how to repair the generators.
   2. So far there is no real way to stop bots trying a side route through
      the enemy teams laser grid.
   3. The doors to the flag rooms take ages to open so the bots often give up on them.

-  Rock2
   The bots don't know that they should seek protection before the gas triggers.
