
WISHLIST/IDEAS
--------------

-  The bots should check to see if they are about to shoot a teammate who is
   between them and their target.

-  It would be better if bots threw grenades at enemies when team mates are not
   near their target.

-  The bots should stop approaching a Sentry Gun when they are outside it's
   view range, and attack it from afar.

-  Random bot personalities is cool.  But it would also be nice to be able
   to specify specific bot characters.  e.g. an aggressive bot called
   "[FoX]King Prawn" that prefers to play HWGuy.

-  Demomen could do pipebomb jumps.

-  Infected bots should call for a medic.

-  The bots could destroy any enemy dispensers they come across.

-  Speculative damage would be nice.  i.e. firing rockets at corners to scare
   or hit any enemies around the corner.

-  Bots could say stuff when they kill themselves.

-  One neat idea would be a bot chat menu.  i.e. you bind a key to the menu
   to bring it up and then press a number key to select a message to issue to the
   bots.  For example "Flag dropped at..." would let the bots figure out the
   exact map area the flag was dropped in.

-  Bots could announce to their team where they spotted a flag their
   team is trying to capture(if no one said where they dropped it recently).

-  When the waypoint delete command is used the waypoint isn't truly deleted,
   just switched off.  It would make waypoint files smaller if they could be
   properly deleted.

-  It might be fun if bots chatted in response when their names are mentioned.

-  An interesting feature would be the ability to add a team identifier tag
   into bot chat messages.
   e.g. if a red team bot is told to say "%t team kicks ass!" then it will say:
   "red team kicks ass!"

-  Non-NeoTF Pyros could rocket jump too.  e.g. into the flag well on badlands.
   There would actually be a few good uses for this feature.

-  An idea suggested by laparel is that you could tell a bot to defend at a
   specific defender waypoint when you use the addbot or changerole command.
   e.g. "[FoX]KittenSniffer changerole defend 187" would tell that bot to
   defend at waypoint 187.
   laparel also suggested the ability to assign a unique name to individual
   waypoints so that you can call them out by name in a command.

-  It would be really cool if you could pit one bot type or version against
   another.  e.g. Foxbot versus Oddbot.  (Botmixer 5000 does this doesn't it?)

-  Ideally the bots should try to rocket/concussion jump to parts of maps
   they wouldn't normally be able to reach.

-  Soldiers could rocket jump up to get enemies that are on any higher ledge.

-  It would be cool if the bots could rocket and concussion jump up the
   air vent on hunted.

-  Bot soldiers could use rocket jumping as an attack maneuver like human players
   do.  e.g. prime a grenade, rocket jump overhead and rain explosive hell on
   the target.

-  Ideally bots should be able to shoot at shootable buttons.  e.g. the ones
   outside the base doors on well.

-  Snipers oughta check if an obstacle is blocking their rifle scope, and sidestep
   left or right to clear their sights.

-  It would seem more realistic if bots occasionally changed weapon without an obvious
   reason during quieter moments.

-  It would be neat if bots could spot rockets coming their way and try to avoid them.

-  It would be cool if bot vision was affected by light levels.

-  Make Spies sneak when they hear footsteps near.

-  Bots ought to know how many flags/CPs are available to them on each map.

-  Coordinated attacks might be an interesting idea.
   e.g. one bot calls and waits for other teammates to join it before attacking
   the enemy base.

-  A daft idea.  Generate bot names by mixing words from a list.
   e.g. [FoX]DarkMaster or [FoX]Snip3rKing or [FoX]DarkKing.

-  The same person can vary in skill during a game depending on their mood.
   Bots could emulate this too.

-  Issue a message to people who try to do waypoint editing on a dedicated
   server telling them that they need to run a listen server instead.

-  This feature would possibly require a new waypoint type added, but bots
   could throw flags out to teammates on certain maps, e.g. out the sniper
   windows on well.

-  Play a sound when setting any tag for a waypoint in waypoint edit mode.

-  If a bot on offense drops a flag in a map that has no areas defined it could
   announce an estimate of how far away the flag was dropped.

-  Ideally you should be able to specify what language the bots should use
   for all their messages.  Waypoint area files may be tricky though as they
   are in binary format.

IDEAS FOR NEW SETTINGS
----------------------

-  Being able to filter out usage of certain weapons or grenades in the config file.
   (suggested by laparel)

-  An evasiveness modifier.  This would allow players to modify how aggressive
   or cautious the bots are towards enemies.

-  Configurable levels of CPU consumption via a config file.

-  Add debug_engine to the config file.  People can switch it on if Foxbot isn't
   working and check the log file for crash info.

-  An option for allowing bots to decide the ratio of attackers to defenders themselves.

-  An interesting option would be one that allows you to block the bots on
   certain teams from choosing certain classes.
   e.g. you could stop red team from using scouts on dustbowl.

IDEAS FOR NEW SCRIPT COMMANDS
-----------------------------

-  A command that tells bots where their base is currently located.
   e.g. "red_home 43" would tell red teams bots their base is located around
   waypoint 43.

-  A command that tells bots how many flags exist for each team(this is
   auto-detected, but a script command may be more accurate).

-  A command that tells bots how much the flags will slow them down.
   e.g. on cz2 they slow HWGuys down a lot.

IDEAS FOR NEW WAYPOINT TAG TYPES
--------------------------------

-  Come here!  This waypoint type could be used to send bots to safe zones
   when a map script says so.  e.g. when the gas triggers on rock2.

-  Grenades.  Useful on dustbowl for example.

-  Repair this.  Tells Engineers to repair the generators on ravelin.
   Maybe other repairable entities too.

-  Caution!  This waypoint type would tell bots that they should perform more
   environment checks when moving towards it.
   i.e. check for a drop in floor level nearby, and do not deviate from the waypoint.
   This could be useful for routes on high ledges, such as on badlands.

-  Button.  Only press a button near this waypoint if the waypoint is available.
   You can just use a normal scripted waypoint for this though.
